# Legal Map

Legal Map is a web application that helps people find 
the legal services they need, according to the exact problem 
they have. It prevents them from reading about one 
company after another, only to find out that they don't 
provide the service they need.

It is also useful for legal companies to find more clients.

## Project description

In this application, a registered user can create a company or
companies with all it's details 
(telephone number, email, website, etc.) and give a description 
of the company's expertise. He also chose from a list 
the areas of competence of his company
(for example Civil Law, Notary, Financial Law etc.).

When a customer search for example a Notary, he goes to this 
section and the application gives him a list of companies 
which have chosen as one of their areas of competence "Notary".

There are also articles with the latest legal amendments and 
other important news, concerning their legal rights.

The Application has also an email functionality. The users can 
contact the application's owners using a contact form. Forgotten 
password functionality is also included.


## Getting started
### Dependencies
- Python 3.7.0
- Django 3.2.9
- django-crispy-forms
- django-recaptcha
- Pillow
- psycopg2
- PostgreSQL 13.3


## Installation

To install my project, the first thing you need to have installed on yor system is:
+ Github Desktop 
+ Python 3

To run Django you need a virtualenv

```
pip install virtualenv.
virtualenv “name as you like”
source env/bin/activate.
pip install django.
```

Now you need to clone the project from Github.
For the Github Desktop user:- just put the git URL and press clone.
Make a demo project just to copy the SECRET KEY generated by Django and copy it.
Go to the cloned folder, open the setting.py and paste the 
copied SECRET_KEY.
Install the project dependencies and run the project:

```
pip install -r requirement.txt.
python manage.py runserver.
```
## Authors

- [@koshutova](https://www.github.com/octokatherine)

## License

[MIT](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/)